Die, monster
Young master, this is the old man's granddaughter
Pure nature
If you offend the son, please be patient.
Why be rude?
Shemales have been enemies since ancient times
As an old gentleman
Mixed with the same demon
You are the demon
Damn it, I seem to be really a demon
Ah!
Wu Tianqing is cured
son
If whiteness is really a demon
Then isn't your eye disease cured by a demon?
Save the son
The old man only wants to form a good relationship
If the son doesn't like to wait until the injury jade leaves by himself
It doesn't have to hurt people
Annoying annoying
After coming to another world, I actually became a demon
Wait for another world
I go to you, it really smells too smelly
If I hadn't stopped you
That person has indeed been swallowed by you.
It's not your fault
That person is from heaven after all
Any demon who smells his blood
They can't help but turn into the original Tianjia
Well, that's the emperor
Prince or something
Although you are not born to be afraid of swords and burns
But will be hurt by human addition
Don't forget this in the future
So I have to stay away from him
Where are you going, son?
You just offended two benefactors
Apologize, I'd better leave
The son was seriously injured and lost blood. He did something wrong
My granddaughter won't blame you.
The old man is ancient and long
This is my granddaughter.
It is better for the white opera master to leave after he recovers
Declaration at home
Thanks Enron
But I still
Ouch.
So which royal family is Xuan?
There has never been a royal family surnamed Xuan in this Jiuxuan Continent
This kid is under a pseudonym
He was paranoid.
It shows that there have been many intrigues in the royal family
It's a pity it ended up like this
younger brother